### Executive Summary
This last week of IT1025 is very simple and just a simple knowledge overview oh how big data and ethical implications work. I will be doing minor coding in SQL and learning the simplistics that that. Other than that data is very simple and easy to understand. Lasty Information Collection is needed to know what you're doing along with the copyright laws and how they can be important.

### Data, Information and Knowledge
#### Relational Data 
Data are pieces of informations with no explanations, raw data is simple information given with no context. Information is whats given and it's any piece of data or knowledge that goes into the computer, like the memory in the hard ware and software. Knowledge is used to make decisions, policies and have innovation. The primary key in the orders and customers table is to get their orders correct. The customers and orders are related because the customers order off of the menu. The foreign key would be for the customers to recieve their order correctly. It's important to properly define the data because if the data is wrong it could mean something different, for example, if you brang the order for one table to another.

#### Big Data 
Volume represents the amount of data you can have and is one of the main characteristics that makes data big. Velocity represents the motion of the data and how it moves and how quickly it can move. Variety defines all the different types of resources and data it can collect. Veracity is reliable with how trustworthy it's data is, and with it's calculation noises, bias and abnormality. Technology like R, Hadoop, Data Lakes and NoSQL Databases are things that need BIG DATA since they all need to be trustworthy, secure and always good to use. 

### Structured Query Language
RDBMS stands for Relational Database Management System. RDBMS is the basis for SQL, and for all modern database systems. The purpose of SQL is to let you access and manipulated multiple databases, without out it you wouldn't be doing much. For the diagram I chose "Orders" and "Customers." In these the primary key would be the Orders since it is supplying the items, and the foriegn key would be Customers since they are browsing different items and can recieve different items. The relationship is that they both have information that needs to be put in correctly so nothing goes wrong or gets missing by communication error.

#### SQL Injections
SQL injection is the placement of malicious code in SQL statements, via web page input. SQL injection usually occurs when you ask a user for input, like their username/userid, and instead of a name/id, the user gives you an SQL statement that you will unknowingly run on your database. To prevent this you can use SQL parameters. SQL parameters are values that are added to an SQL query at execution time, in a controlled manner. 

### Ethical and Legal Implications
#### Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics is a document that outlines a set of acceptable behaviors for a professional or social group; generally, it is agreed to by all members of the group. The document details different actions that are considered appropriate and inappropriate. The ACM made this because the commitment to ethical professional conduct is expected of every member of the community. In AUP this policy outlines what is allowed and what is not allowed while someone is using the organization’s services. In Code of Ethics it has specifc behaviors you can do in the group and everyone agrees with each other while discussing what is appropriate and inappropriate. I chose to look at Virginia Tech's AUP and what I found was many basc and common sensed information. For example, “Borrowing” someone else’s login ID and password is prohibited. https://vt.edu/acceptable-use.html 

#### Intellectual Property 
WIPO is the global forum for intellectual property (IP) services, policy, information and cooperation. The importance is their mission which is to lead the development of a balanced and effective international IP system that enables innovation and creativity for the benefit of all. n the majority of countries, and according to the Berne Convention, copyright protection is obtained automatically without the need for registration or other formalities.The benifit of having a compy right is due to economic rights, which allow the rights owner to derive financial reward from the use of their works by others. It would be important to copyright my svg image because if someone else used it without a copyright from me then they would recieve moeny or a reward for my invention. If the svg image I created would be an item anyone can identify then the role of trademark would be for a game or some kind of program. 

#### Information Collection
HIPAA provides privacy and security for protected health information (PHI). Failure to comply with HIPAA can result in severe consequences for organizations and individuals alike. FERPA is in place to protect the privacy of student education records, giving a set of rights to students and their parents. COPPA imposes certain requirements on operators of websites or online services directed to children under 13 years of age, and on operators of other websites or online services that have actual knowledge that they are collecting personal information online from a child under 13 years of age.

### Conclusion
As a result in this lab I did learn a lot but not much abotu codign except SQL. I'm more eager to learn how to make stuff online than many laws and policies as discussed in this lab. This was a great experience and I could definitly use copyright laws and just simple polocies in the future. 
