### Executive Summary


#### Lucidchart
My first look at lucidchart was a bit odd since I didn't quite understand how to use it but after playing around with it I realized it was pretty simple and that it has everything you really need for a flowchart. I was looking at templates and trying to understnad what I was suppose to do but then something just clicked and everything just felt easy from there and on.

#### Introduction to Networking
##### Data Transmission
All of the terms match with the corresponding definitions because they're all directed toward sssomeone or something, whether it's a house adress or a persons phone. For example, IP Adresses are people's specific internet connection for their device, if someone finds this and discovers it is you then that matches all the definitions given. For DNS it is jsut the same as an IP Adress but for a phone, protocol is a communications system, packet is a system of given data, packet-switching is just a group of data giving information with numbers. 
##### Networking Hardware
All a hub specificially knows is whether data is connected to one of it's ports, it doesn't know any data but it can transfer it to the other ports around it. A switch can learn the address of the devices which makes it able to send data to the port its drected to instead of sending it to all of the other ports as well. Switches block any unnecesary traffic unlike the hubs. Hubs and switches can only transfer and communicate locally within each others network but a router can go further beyond that.  A router is even better since it reads IP adresses and it forwards data based on the IP address, it's a gateway to a network. Hubs and switches use networks while the router connects the networks. 
##### Network Topologies
The single point failure is if the central network goes down then the rest of the networks connected fail as well and the entire network shuts down. Infrastructure Topology is the use of wireless and wired and is like the star topology since it is connected directly wired to the wireless access point so others that aren't connected wirely can connect. Wireless Mesh Topology is when intereconnect with each other while being wirelessly connected. For example, a modem brings in interenet to the building and the switch is connected to the modem, without wiring the switch to everything all the other devices just read off of each other to gain access. Even if one access point fails all the other access points can just kep reading off of the other access points. For me especially I feel that the best way to go for a family is the Wireless Mesh Topology since you can wirelessly connect to everyone and it seems best but for me I would rather prefer a Infrastructure Topology since I like being more wired for a stronger connection. 
##### Network Design
In my design it is based off of the Infrastructure Topology since that's what I prefer because it's what I use at home. I connect the modem and the router and if I use a computer I connect it wired and if I use my phone or a laptop I have an access point and that's how I connect my internet. 

#### NSA/CSS
The NSA's role in cybersecurity is to help defend the IT systems of the United States and benifit from other intelligence information recieved.

#### Cybersecurity and Encryptions
##### Information Systems Security
If I was working with an Amazon.com online chat I'd need the security to be top notch and never go down since I'm going to be talking to someone online most of the time and if something disconnects that'll be my fault and the customer would put a bad review either on my name or website which could get me fired. A few daily tasks for authetication are passwords to log in, a physical trait like a thumb to log in, and an email to be even more secure. Multi authentication is just multiple authentications into one so there is a sure chance it's the person who owns the account. Advantages of ACL are that multiple people can access it with the authorization that was given and have the ability to make actions. If a user isn't on the list to access this then they cannot even see the information. A disadvantage of ACL is that if an administrator wanted to add or remove somebody it would make the ACL harder to maintain and eventually might even crash. The advantage of RBAC is that it can give users roles and then the roles give the access to people which is something the ACL doesnt do but a problem with RBAC is that it has to go through another access before being granteed authorization. In a cipher text interation somebody sends an encoded plain text and transmits it then a cipher text is made and the reciver and sender must agree on it so they can communicate correctly. In a public key you recieve an encoded message and then send it. The private key then the reciepent uses the private key to decode it. We need public key cryptographs because it is an ensured way to keep the information safe since a third party wouldn't know how to solve any information unless one of the reciever or sender gave it to them. 
##### Cryptograph
For my secret message I typed in my name to see what the encrypted message would be for fun and it was "mpmy" which is kinda funny but it's just my name and something cool. In the frequencyfingerprint exploration I typed in "This is a fun class and pretty interesting haha." In the results it seems as I use the i's and s's the most in this sentence as they are the highest on the bars. This can change in a nother language since other languages have different letters so it may change the results or outcome of the response. A polyalphabetic cipher is when you use numbers to represent the letters in the alphabet and then decode it according to the order in the alphabet, or you can go backwards in the alphabet to decode it. My secret message was "go to the left" and my shift message was "go right" to confuse the target if they decoded the message "zz bf mzk epnik."
##### Brute-Force 
Brute-Force is an attack that tries to decrypt a key to the best of it's abillity to a cipher. This relates to the Kerckhoff's principle because as the article states "The enemies know the system" it's a great way to not decrypt it in the first palce ebcause they'll just think they will have to and be incorrect. 


### Conclusion

