### Executive Summary
In this lab there won't be too much to learn since it is fairly short and is very simple. I'm going to be explaing file compressions, obect oriented programming and unified modeling language. Depending on how much you compress your file it can be easier but smaller to send. Object oriented programming are methods of sharks which can be considered blueprints. Unified modeling lnaguage  is based on technology and software for high programmers. Let's start with the file compression explanations. 

### File Compression
Compressing a file is making it a zip file. A zip file compresses the file so it can take up less space in the computer and it is able to be transfered and sent quicker. Another way to make a zip file is to attach multiple documents to one file and then send it to someone or computer so it doesn't take too long. Instead of sending bigger documents one by one and it taking much longer to send zip files make this much easier and quicker. Before compressing the svg file it was 33KB and after making a zip file it before a smaller 31KB. This wasn't a very big difference but if there were multiple images or documents that I needed to send quickly it would all add up and would be much more worth it. If these were jpg files then the images would be much bigger and cause a hastle when sending, they would also be much larger causing the file to be bigger. 

### Object Oriented Programming (OOP)
The methods of the shark are special funtions with a definition inside a class. Shark is making a blueprint for an object later on. The methods of (swim) and be_awesome() are called dot operaters. The purpose of the contructor is to initialize data, this is called the _int_ method. Classes are like the blueprints of codes, it makes a layout and defines the functions. Objects are instances of classes, they are made by the classes when they are ready. To "instantiate an object from a class" is saying that objects are the realized versions of classes.

### Unified Modeling Language (UML)
OMG is an enterprise that is focused around maintenance, their execution and visual design softwares. They have a very big range of technology that they made and can use. The purpose of UML is to give high experienced programers with tools for analysis, design, and implementation of software-based systems. This is to advance the industry forward. Objects and swim go together because swimming represents the object for the activity. Class would go along with shark since they're the blueprints of the whole code. Polymorphism goes with definition of a shark since they both explain the mechanism. Inheritance is to match Sammy because Sammy is the new class that was made into a different form. Encapsultion lastly matches a specific type of shark since it binds data together and doesn't show to anyone nor is it visual.  

### Conclusion
In this lab is was simple but very knowledgable since I didn't know much about any of this besides the zip files since that's fairly simple. Making a file smaller is much easier if your computer needs space and if the file is too big to be sent. I was a little confused on objected oriented programming with sharks but I ended up figuring it out and it just seems like another code I need to get used to. Unified modeling language wasn't very hard either since it jut seemed like it was about explaing how everything in a shark type of code works. Looking forward to this last week of IT1025.
